An inclusive digital environment
means that everyone,
regardless of their abilities
and needs, can fully engage,
participate and thrive.
This includes people
with different needs and preferences
that may not be immediately apparent,
visible or situational or cultural.
Imagine a parent navigating a website
one handed while cradling a baby.
Or a person using voice commands
due to a temporary injury.
Consider the reliance on captions
when watching a training video
in a noisy environment,
or for those who are hard of hearing.
These examples show how important
digital accessibility is in
making sure
we can all participate online.
Together, we can build a more
inclusive digital environment where
nobody gets left behind.